you can do this hi I'm not see this year
you're gonna put yourself out there
Jake chances so her hands a bit red
don't we
right yeah it's the heater oh my god you
should really think about raising there
I would lend you my copy but I need it
for my date it's how we're going to
recognize each other what's the subtle
they always work it was an international
bestseller I suppose the da Vinci Code
Oh another excellent book not not
Mesenbourg Jessica but I'm not that late
am i what do we do in terms of saying
hello let's just go in oh excuse me for
that step closer so book check and blind
date jack what are you waiting for I am
waiting for you and you are a I'm an
online marketing manager I I love online
marketing managing okay I definitely
want kids yeah I'm a lot like freaking
out about it yeah why would you you're
I'm having a really good time
you said Prime they don't work santak
yeah it's not a person Jessica watch and
weep
look at Jessica come dancing I'm
pretending to be the girl especially on
a date with so it's a bit kinky I've got
a confession to make Amalia by day Jack
what are you even 24 Oh
I don't love the 10 congratulations on
your massive pack of lies you cynic
you're such a romantic
you need to man up Nancy look Daniel one
can go well
I met man today for the first time in
ages I put myself out there
and I took at all
la blah blah the end
the boy meets girl or boy doesn't meet
girl how did you mean I am a fire woman
you thought there was a fire at his work
party yeah
then in our pants